>> Good afternoon everybody.
My name is Kjell Bronder.
I'm Engineer on the Podcast Producer team and I'll be
presenting today with Eric Circlaeys, a fellow Engineer.
We have a great session and it's full of a lot of fun demos
for you and really going to be taking an in-depth look
at Podcast Composer and we're going to show you how easy
we've made it for you to create really powerful workflows
that you can customize for your organization.
We're going to step back to start off and we're
going to come back to what Podcast Producer is
Podcast Producer is a full end-to-end solution that really
makes it easy to capture, process and deliver your content.
I'm pretty sure there's a lot of
administrators out here that are responsible
for a podcasting solution from some sort.
And in that environment, you have two types of customers.
On one side, you have your clients who need to
capture their content and distribute their knowledge.
On the other side, you have your audience.
These are the clients that are
going to consume this content.
What Podcast Producer does is it creates
a real invisible bridge in between.
We make it really easy for your clients on one
side to capture the content and completely seamless
for your audience to consume the content.
There's a lot of things happening underneath, but we
make it really transparent for both of your customers
and to show you that, I'm going to do a real quick demo.
So I'm going to move over to the
demo machine and what I'm going
to do is I'm just going to create
a real quick video podcast.
Just going to choose Video here and Podcast Capture,
I'm going to turn this way and start the recording.
Welcome to Podcast Composer In-Depth.
This is going to be a great session.
We've tons of stuff to show to you and we're
going to have a lot of fun with our demos.
I hope that you take home that Podcast Producer is just a
great solution for capturing and distributing your content.
Just have to click Pause here and all
I have to do now is publish my content.
Then choose the Podcast here, which is Invisible Bridge.
I'm going to call this Podcast Producer
and it's a full end-to-end solution.
And now I hit Submit.
Now Podcast Capture takes care of
uploading all of the content to the server.
Podcast Producer takes care of everything
else and that's the whole point.
For your customers, for the individuals in your organization
or institution that have the expertise or the knowledge
that you want to distribute, we make it
extremely easy for them to capture this content
so that they can concentrate on
their presentation or lecture.
Then on the other side, you have your audience.
Well they already have their ways of consuming content.
They're used to using iTunes.
They have certain devices that they're used
to using for watching all of their content.
So you want to make sure it's completely seamless for
them and that they don't have to change their ways,
you know download any other applications
or plug-ins to consume this content.
Another really important point about Podcast Producer is
that we leverage a lot of different technologies underneath
and something that we believe very
strongly in is that technologies are great,
but they are only as great as their usage is simple.
You want to make sure that it's really, really easy
for your customers to leverage this technology.
Maybe a lot of your experts in their domain,
they might not be experts in video processing.
They might not know how to encode
multiple different formats.
They might not know how to publish out
to the web, nor should they have to.
Also with Podcast Producer, we go beyond that.
We've brought in things with imager
analysis to do really cool transitions.
We do a lot of really cool things by leveraging some
complex technologies, but we take all of that complexity
out of the solution for your customers so they don't see it
and we create this fully invisible bridge in between those
who have the knowledge and those who want to consume it.
So now that our content has been processed on the
Podcast Producer system, let me play it back for you.
See, I'm just going to open up my iChat here and let's
go to iTunes and we're going to refresh our feed here.
If you've been to our other demos this week,
you've seen that we've changed our titling,
we've changed our intro video and
here we've branded our podcast
and that's what this whole session is going to be about.
We're going to show you how you can brand your
podcast very easily with Podcast Composer,
how you can use all of the new transitions,
how you can have animated watermarks
and you can put in your own altra-videos.
We've made this so extremely easy
and all it takes now is just dragging
and dropping your content into Podcast Composer.
So what I'm going to do now, is I'm going to pass it over
to Eric and he's going to walk you through Podcast Composer.
>> Thank you, Kjell.
Good afternoon everyone.
I think for the end user this is really magic but for us,
this is where the power of the workflows comes into play.
So now, I would like to take a deeper look under the
covers and see how all that content gets produced
with Podcast Producer and Podcast Composer workflows.
Podcast Producer workflow is kind of a recipe
of how you're going to create a podcast.
I don't know if you remember in Z1, well in Z1
to create a workflow, you needed to be a guru.
Now I know there are some in the room today
and they created crazy workflows out there,
but still this isn't really easy for everyone.
So we wanted to simplify that and to give
you an example of how it was complicated,
then just imagine all the things you had to do.
You had to speak XML fluently.
You had to know about every single bits
and bytes of that Podcast Producer.
You had to deal with the actions, the resources, all
the credentials and even care about the parallelism.
Well, this is great if you want to spend hours working
on crazy things, but we wanted to bring that to any user.
On Snow Leopard, on Podcast Producer 2, we kind
of proved the idea of very simple application
that represents sequentially what we think are the
most common steps for creating a Podcast workflow
and that's what I'm going to show you
right now in action with Podcast Composer.
Podcast Composer is the new tool in Snow Leopard to create
workflows and deploy workflows with Podcast Producer.
It simplifies all the work with seven
identified stages and these are the seven stages.
This is just simple as filling up all these pages one after
the other to create your own customized workflow using
and leveraging all the cool technologies
we've introduced in Leopard and Snow Leopard.
But before even going to through these steps one after the
other, I would like to talk to you a bit more about the UI
and specifically about the navigation
and browsing user experience.
We've made it brand new.
Actually, the main stage you are working on
is always centered in the middle of the window
so then you can have a nice look
about what you have just set up before
and what you are going to do right after this page.
It's also very simple to actually navigate
through all these different stages.
You can just click on the stages, you can use
the swipe movement, you can use the scroll wheel,
you can even go in the mini icons and actually select the
stage you're interested in or use the shortcuts to navigate.
The coolest one we have added is the ability to double
click on the title of this page and have an overview
of the complete workflow and then jump
to the stage that you are interested in.
So now you have seen how easy it is
to navigate, let's go into each stage
and see what you could do to customize your own workflow.
The first one, in formation stage,
is really straightforward.
This is where you're going to add the title
the author, and the description of this workflow.
All this information is going to show up in the
applications such as Podcast Capture so when one
of your customers is going to connect to Podcast
Capture and select a workflow, it will then see the name
and use the description to find
the correct workflowings to use.
Once you're done with that, it's time
to work on the most important stage.
This is the step that defines what
this workflow is going to be used for.
This stage acts like a finale taking all
the input sources produced by Podcast Capture
and making a single source video
for the rest of the workflow.
There are three different importers.
There is the single source importer, which is very simple.
It takes one input source coming from the video recording
or the screen recalling or even the audio recording.
You can actually even restrict a workflow to
only work for a certain type of single source.
Maybe you'd like to create a workflow that only works
for screen recording so then any user in Podcast Capture
that does a screen recording will
see that particular workflow.
We have also added what we call
the Automatic Chapter Generation.
That's a nice feature because you could do any type of
screen recording using keynotes for presenting any type
of content or using a PDF or using any other
presentation tools and we're going automatically to detect
out of the video the different
chapters in between the slides.
That is done automatically for you.
Then there is the dual source, which
is a new feature in Snow Leopard.
To give you a little description
about dual source, it's super easy.
The Podcast Capture captures two
sources, the screen and the video sources
where the talking head is going
actually to present the content.
The dual source importer is going
to build a picture-in-picture
of those two sources for the rest of the workflow.
Well, we provide bi-fold four different compositions
to lay out those two videos that we receive
and then generate this picture-in-picture movie.
There is the keynote composition that you
all have seen in the two previous sessions.
There is the overlay that shows all
the time the two content on the screen.
There is the overlay with fade, it shows the main
content all the time and when it's necessary,
it shows up the talking head and
finally we do have the theater that shows
up always the two content with nice transitions.
About these transitions, we have added a
nice feature called automatic transitions.
Since we are capable of detecting in the slides if
they have change in a forced amount of time or not,
we are capable of triggering an action and such
action could be an animation to do something nice
with those two contents we have captured.
For example, it's like moving from one
source to another in the transition.
Again, we are capable of adding markers
automatically in the videos so then you can jump
from one slide to another in quick time or in iTunes.
Finally, we have this Montage feature.
Montage is really nice because it gives
you the ability to submit any type
of documents that Quick Look could actually render.
Quick Look is one of the technologies we
had in Leopard that is still available
in Snow Leopard and could even do better things.
With Quick Look, we could extract images out of some
documents such as PDF, such as keynote presentations,
such as pages documents and with all those images, we are
going to be able to build a slideshow and produce a video
out of that to be then podcasted on your different services.
If we go in the configuration panel
for Montage, you can set the duration
for every image that we extract from documents you send.
You can also change the transition to some
of the transitions we do provide by default.
Again, we can automatically generate the chapters for you.
Once you are done with these importer
settings, it's time to brand your content.
I can select Draw Source for the demo
and let's talk about the editing.
This is where you're going to brand your content.
This is where you're going to set the
introduction video of your company.
This is where you're going to select
the layout of your bumper title.
Maybe also customize your content by adding
a watermark and changing the outro movie
and I'd like to show you all these
different possibilities here.
There are these four vignettes
and each of them are configurable.
This is the introduction movie.
By default, we provide some different introduction movies
like the Apple Podcast or the Camera Flash or the Eye.
but it would be great to use mine.
So I'd rather set a file here I would like to use.
So let's move that to the backstop and I have my
personal track intro video and I would like to use it.
Let's just add it to this vignette.
Now it's time to configure my bumper title.
This is an automatically generated title that's
going to be added in my podcast with the metadata
that will be submitted from Podcast Capture.
This is a Flying Title composition,
a different one we had in V1.
We've added two other ones.
We added the Carousel and the Reveal.
For example, the Carousel shows up the
logo and then the title and the author.
Maybe I would like to use my own logo in that
particular case so just drag and drop the logo.
Maybe you'd like to only see the title and not the author
and then you are done in the settings for Carousel.
The one I really like is Reveal.
Reveal is this type of composition
that shows all the information
with that typical layout, but let's remove the organization.
Then you can also set up the transition
in between those two elements.
You can change by picking one of the
transitions you may like for this configuration.
Let's select Zoom Dissolve.
Then it comes to the content itself.
This is a nice preview of what could be
the dual source so you can get an idea
about how it's going to look like for one of your podcasts.
I'd like to use my own watermark.
You see by default, there is this Apple logo.
Again, if I want to use my watermark,
I just drag and drop file.
I'd like it on the left, maybe
a bit bigger, more opacity.
We've also introduced this concept of introduction overlay.
We've provided three different overlays.
One I really like is the Ticker one.
Maybe you'd like to add it at the beginning
of your content some additional information.
In my case, since I'm also using a bumper title, I
would like to show in the Ticker only the description.
It means at the beginning of my content I will
have a nice description ticker showing up.
You could also decide to remove elements as
easy as just clicking on it, deleting it.
That's very simple and then add
it back using this buzz button.
In my case here, I would like to use the new exit
that my audio and video department has created for me.
I'm pretty all set now and if I would like to have a nice
looking preview, I could use the scheming over my vignette
to have a nice view of the different settings I've
set or maybe what I would like to have is a preview,
a simulation of all these elements stitched
together and that's what this button is for.
I could click on this button and have a nice preview of it.
This is my introduction video, this is my zoom
dissolve, then my bumper title I'm going to use,
my content with my watermark, the
description ticker should appear, here it is,
and then finally my altra-video, it's as easy as that.
I would like to give you.
[ Applause ]
Thank you.
I would like to give you some tips and tricks here.
You maybe want to actually remove all
the settings and styles from scratch.
Just simply click Command and Delete
and then you'll erase everything
and you'll be able to start really from something clean.
Let me have this back for the rest of the demo.
Something else, maybe you want to have multiple
different sizes for the Preview Simulator.
The default one is that big.
If you want it bigger, actually just use the Option key
while clicking and you'll get something much bigger.
Once you've branded your content, then it's time
to define what are going to be the exporters,
the different formats for your finished podcast.
That's very important because people are
going to consume this data differently
and that's why we've titled these exporters, the default
one we provide, are very tightly coupled with Apple devices.
We do provide the right codex, the right
encoders for the Apple TV, for the Apple iPhone,
for audio only devices and also for cellular.
You could use this QuickTime exporter to pick
one of these different choices automatically,
but what if you would like to create your
own encoding and tune it for some reasons.
Well, we have this product called Compressor
and if it's installed in this machine,
then you'll be able to see directly
from Podcast Composer and here it is.
In that particular case, you'll have then access to all
the default settings they provide and they have a few.
The nice thing is they have this interface to create even
more encoding settings and if you create it and put it
in the default compressor repository, it's
going to show up directly in this interface.
Let's select one default like the MP3
and maybe another one that could be,
I don't know, like H264 streaming, let's say this one.
There are two ways of using Compressor.
The first one, the easiest one is to use
Compressor with Xgrid which means we are going
to call the Compressor task the same way we're calling the
QuickTime task, so it's going to be scheduled with Xgrid.
This could also leverage Qmaster if you had a Qmaster
cluster somewhere in your company and by leveraging Qmaster,
it means that at the time the Xgrid task is
going to compress, is going to relay to Qmaster
so the Xgrid job is going to send the request to Qmaster
to actually start the encoding on the Qmaster system
and Xgrid is going to then look at this task
to finish every couple of minutes for example.
Once you're done with all your different formats,
then it's time to define where you're going
to post and publish all this information.
By default, we leveraged Podcast Library and in this
Podcast Library, we publish all the things we have.
We published original sources, we published the preview
files, for example, we generate a poster image for you.
We also published what we call the Edit Master.
This is a high quality master regenerate
out of the editing stage.
Just before encoding to all the different
formats, we regenerated high quality versions
that is going to be posted to the Library.
And then we publish all these different
formats we have just selected before.
The cool thing about key words is we could add
different key words that are going to be added
to all these different movies and since
we are talking about the Podcast Library,
then we are going to create automatically key words
feeds for you so everyone could actually access to some
of the content that's been tagged with these key
words from our RSS automatically for you.
But you may want to actually publish
to some other destinations.
So we provide a set of different destinations here.
For example, you may want to push
the content to add the Apple Wiki.
So let's push it, let's push some elements
such as maybe the iPod and iPhone version.
You enter all your credentials right in the tool and
select the destination folder or destination blog on Wiki.
This is just as easy as that.
You could also archive that using file transfer to any
file server using FTP, SFTP, WebDAV[assumed spelling],
WebDAV over SSL There are many different
file transfer protocol we do support.
You could also leverage file cast server
using a watch folder or a casual content
that pushed your content to some other shared folder.
There is this nice cool new feature here.
You can also chain workflows.
So, yes, you could chain workflows you create with
Podcast Composer, but this is also very useful if we'd
like to chain a workflow you have written manually.
So for example, you may use Podcast Composer to
write this very complex workflow done for you,
but you would like to add like two or
three tasks manually that you have written.
So it's the place where you are going to
call your small subset of tasks right there
by specifying first what are going to be the
input sources and then by specifying what's going
to be the workflow you would like to chain here.
And I think this is really useful.
Then it's time to notify people and also notify services
that some content has been generated and published.
So there are two ways for notifying people.
You can notify people by email.
By default, we do notify people under the
Submitting User and the Administrator
but you can also notify any user you want.
Again, put your own credentials in this tool and this is
going to take care of everything for you and it's going also
to generate a nice body with all different links to
these different destinations you've selected previously.
We've added iChat and this is my favorite.
It leverages a Java server.
We have a Mac OS X server and it produces
what you have seen in the previous demo.
But maybe you'd like to tell your service or iTunes
U that some content is now available in the Library.
Let's imagine that you have registered some of your
feeds into the iTunes Podcast Directory or into iTunes U
and then it's time to tell them that
there are some new content available
and it's time to synchronize those two services.
But you could also do that with your own service.
Maybe you could decide then to ping one of your services
to tell them that some new content is available.
And finally, you have a nice summary
of the workflow you have just created.
This workflow is dual source.
It encodes the result in four different formats, publishes
it in three different locations and notifies some users
and some services and this is Podcast
Composer and this is your workflow.
[ Applause ]
So as I said before it generates
automatically a poster image for you
but you could also set this poster image manually
so every single input sources that are going to run
through this workflow is going to be actually
generated, the poster images are going
to be the same for all of these different submissions.
The nice thing I wanted to show you is this one.
Even if this workflow looks really sequential, well
this application takes care of everything for you
and it also generates the most optimal workflow
to run on Xgrid and if you look at these numbers,
this workflow has about 27 tasks and the maximum
parallelism is about to be 10, which means at some point
in the execution it's possible to have like 10 of these
tasks executed at the same time if you're grid is big enough
and that's really important because as you've seen,
it's really easy to build a workflow with this tool,
but it also takes care of generating
the most optimal workflow for your grid.
Two or three additional quick things, from this
application you can open remotely the workflows you have
on different servers so it's as easy as just opening
the remote panel, selecting to your workflow,
selecting to your server and having the least
of all the different workflows like this.
It's also as easy as one click to deploy
workflow automatically on the server by clicking
on this button or directly from the File menu.
Another interesting point is you could also
make sure that this workflow is correct.
So if I would like to look at this workflow, it's actually
telling me that the Qmaster isn't set properly and yes,
I've just enabled it but I have no information entered here.
You can very easily use this tool to also check that you
aren't missing information so that it is totally safe
for you to run this workflow on the server for your users.
One last point, Podcast Composer
generates sales content workflows.
It means it's going to embed every single resource you have
added to this workflow, including all the compositions,
all the templates and then all your
images, videos and so on and so forth.
If you want to share this workflow with other people, then
you'll have all the resources you need to actually run it
on a machine and you don't have to actually
share also all these resources separately.
Thank you very much.
[ Applause ]
>>Thanks Eric.
So you guys like that?
>> Yeah.
>> You're going to use it?
Great. So what you just saw in
this demo, let's recap real quick.
There's three types of workflows that
you can create with Podcast Composer.
You can create a single source like you had in Leopard.
It's real easy to create a real good-looking dual
source workflow and you can use the new Montage feature
to submit all different types of documents.
We've made it really, really easy so you can just drag and
drop all your different resources and brand your podcasts.
We've also built in support for all the
different devices straight into the application.
We've also made it extremely easy for you
to publish and notify different services.
But there's something else about Podcast Producer.
The whole solution of Podcast Producer
is extremely customizable.
We've always made it so that you
can extend Podcast Producer to fit
into your organization and it can then meet your needs.
Well Podcast Composer is no exception.
As you saw with the Quartz Composer compositions that
we're using for let's say dual source, for the titling
and the transitions, well since these are Quartz Composer
compositions, that means that if you want to write your own,
you could integrate them into Podcast Composer.
All it takes is you just drop them in the
application support folder for Podcast Composer.
The same thing goes for templates.
So if you want to write email template, or a blog-posting
template, you can create your own, drop it into the folder
and then anybody who uses Podcast Composer
will have access to those templates.
As Eric mentioned, there's also the compressor settings,
so now you can create your own very custom settings
if you have a particular need, or a
particular device that you need to target.
And that's what I'm going to show you now.
I'm going to show you how you can
customize Podcast Composer.
So we're going to switch back here to the demo machine.
And I've got some comps already prepared here.
So I don't, if you remember in the first demo we saw,
what I want to start off with was the animated watermark.
So let's go here to my little folder.
So I've got this little Quartz Composer composition
that was really easy, really not very complicated.
It's just a few patches.
And all it is, is it takes in the, it takes in the logo,
and it just animates it by rotating it around the Y axis.
And you can see just real simple like that.
So how do I get this into Podcast Composer?
Well, if I open Podcast Composer here,
it's pretty much as you'd expect.
I can just go here, grab my Quartz Composer composition,
drag it in here, and now I've got my rotating title
and I can still do everything I
could so with an image, right.
I can make it more, a little more darker, I can
change the sizing, I can move it into the corner.
This is great with Quartz Composer compositions.
You can do the same thing with movies.
So your watermark can be anything from an image
to a movie, to a Quartz Composer composition.
So that's how you make and wrote an animated watermark.
So the next one I want to show you is how
to create a very a simple title composition.
And as Eric explained, we have 2 types of, of
compositions, titling compositions in Podcast Composer.
The first is what we call a bumper
title, which comes before your content.
And then we have an overlay title
that goes over your content.
So I'm going to show you how to
build a bumper title real easily.
So we've created this bundle format in, in, for
Podcast Composer that's in the documentation
and it's going to be documented how to create it.
And just for the sake of the demo, I'm really going
to concentrate here on the composition itself.
And I'm going to start off here with this
composition here, which is pretty empty.
And I'm going to build up the title for you.
So let me just set this up properly
so we can all see what's going on.
So we're just going to put this up here.
So for the, the titling composition to be able to work with
Podcast Composer, it needs to abide to a certain protocol.
And what you can see up here on the
left here is, is basically this.
These are the ports that you're
providing to Podcast Composer,
so it can pass the information to your composition.
And in this example, you can see, you
can specify the titling information,
maybe an author, date, copyright and so on.
I want to do a real simple one.
And we're just going to use the title, so I
can get rid of all of these other supports
so it looks, so it's not quite so hectic here.
Now what I need to do in Podcast, in Quartz
Composer is generate an image out of this string
and then put it out on, and render it out to the screen.
So to do that, I'm going to go to my patch library,
just going to bring up my image with string patch,
drop that in here, and I'm also going to need
some way of rendering this to the screen.
And the easiest way to do that in Quartz
Composer is with the billboard patch.
So I'm just going to drop this here.
And now you're going to see, I've got my titling
information coming from Podcast Composer,
just going to attach it to the string here.
And I've got my image coming out which
I'm just going to connect to my billboard.
And you can now see that I have
my title being rendered to screen.
But it's not quite the right size.
So there's a few parameters I can play with.
The first thing is, I want it to
have the right aspect ratio.
And to do that I just need to know, get some
information about the rendering destinations.
So this patch is just going to tell me, is going to give
me information about what size I'm rendering to screen.
So we're just going to connect the width here, the
height, and I'm just going to make this text a bit bigger.
You see now we're on two lines.
And I might even want to make this just a bit wider.
And there we go.
You can see I've got my title on screen.
That's great.
But you see a lot of what we do, and what
really makes Quartz Composer powerful is
that I can animate all my content.
So I, basically here with the exposition you can
see here I can play with where my content is.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going
to use a timeline to animate this.
And so I don't have to, this is what
the final patch is going to look like.
I'm just going to steal this timeline here.
Oops, that's not what I want to
show you yet, we'll get there.
So this is the timeline.
And if I bring up Inspector here, I can
show you what the timeline looks like.
And if we look at how the ex, what I've set up for a graph
for the exposition, you can see that I'm starting off at -2.
Because when the exposition that -2
well the text is completely off screen.
And then I'm going to end up at +2 where my text, my
screen is, my text is all the way off to the right side.
So basically, I'm going to fly my text in from
the left, and it's going to slow down a bit,
and then it's going to accelerate
off and then fly off to the right.
And that's what this little timeline is doing.
So all I have to do now is take my exposition,
and I connect it here to my billboard.
We start and stop this.
We can now see that my text is going
to fly in, and then just fly off.
That's great.
Maybe I'll want to do one last thing here.
And I'm just going to add some alpha to it.
So we have the nice little effect of when it flies
in it fades in and when it flies out it fades out.
So to do that I just have to set the color on the billboard.
So if it's black and it's completely
opaque, well then it's going to be,
the text is going to be black and
you're not going to see it.
So to do that, I just need to get a
color pack, generate a color here.
And the color lets me set different things.
But what I'm really interested in is in the alpha.
And if we go back to the timeline patch, you can see here
that I already have a graph set
laid out for the alpha as well.
We start at 0, because at 0 you won't be
able to see it, it'll be completely black.
And we'll fade up to 1 where it'll be
completely opaque and we can see the text.
At the same time, when we fly out, so if I bring up
the exposition, you can put both on the same graph.
We'll fade out the content.
So now if I just hook this to the color,
and I hook the color to the billboard,
can bring this here, can make it a bit bigger.
And we can play it again.
And see, now my text flies in, fades in, and
it's going to fade out while it flies out.
So there you go.
That's how you can create Quartz Composer composition.
But now how do I get this into Podcast Composer?
Well that's pretty easy too.
And I'm going to show you that right now.
So I'm just going to go to the bottom here,
my simple title, where I have my PQC file.
And I'm going to open up a new
window here, and we're going to go
to the application support folder for Podcast Composer.
And you're going to see, there's a lot of folders in here,
because there's a lot of things that
you can set for Podcast Composer.
And here, we created a composition for the bumper
title, so all I have to do here is grab my simple title,
and I'm going to copy it into the bumper folder.
Now, if I launch Podcast Composer, it's going
to automatically pick this new title up.
And if I double-click here, you're going to
see now in the pop-up I've got my simple title.
[ Clapping ]
>> And that's how you can create your own title.
And it's going to fly out.
So that's how to create your own
title in the Quartz Composer.
The next thing I want to show you is the email templates.
We ship by default a real good looking
email template that works great in mail
on the desktop, or even on, mail on the phone.
But it uses the Podcast Capture icon.
And I can imagine that maybe there's a few
of you out there that for your Podcast,
you want to brand these notification emails
with the, the logo of your corporation.
Well it's very easy to do that as well.
And we have these PMU bundles that
allow you to create mail unit bundles.
And these are basically your mail templates.
So in the same way, you'll see here, I
have the corporation logo that I want
to use here that I've dropped into the folder.
And all I have to do for this thing is in the same way,
is if I go back to the application support,
let's close down the compositions here.
Go to templates, mail, and I can drag this in here.
And now if I re-launch Podcast Composer, and I go down to
the notification step, and if I want to add an email now,
you'll see that now Podcast Composer's
automatically detected that there are different types
of mail templates installed on the system.
So I can use the Apple generic one, or
maybe I want to use my corporation's one.
Now we'll be documenting how to use and how
to create all of these different bundles,
but it's going to be really straightforward and
it's going to be very easy for you just to drop in,
in your corporation, or your organization's
logo, so you can have your own emails.
And the same thing is going to go for your blog
postings and all different other kind of templates.
So that's the email template.
See, so now we get to have some fun.
I don't know how much, how many of you have been
following what's happened with Quartz Composer,
and well since their session is right now, you
probably don't know this yet, quite yet, either.
But they have new support in Snow Leopard for 3D models.st=yl8
And you know, we like to have fun
with all the new technologies.
So I've downloaded this 3D model of a billboard that,
you know, I can play around with, it's kind of cool.
But what's really cool is with Quartz Composer
I can put images onto the different meshes.
So if I want to, I could put any
kind of video on my billboard.
So that's what we did.
So let me show you what happens if I drag this one
in to my dual source composition template folder.
Here we go.
Just copy that in there.
And this is just to give you an idea how you can brand
your own dual source compositions and how you could go out
and really have fun with Quartz Composer.
But it's also a great third party integration point
if you're a third party out there that knows how
to use Quartz Composer and you're really good
at it, you can write some really great bundles
of stuff and integrate with Podcast Composer.
So this is, you see now that I've got my little billboard
down here, so you see wow, it doesn't look that different.
Well, until we zoom out, and you might kind of recognize
the building in the back there with the two billboards.
So that's kind of small.
So let's play that in a bigger screen.
And of course, you can play around, you can
animate your three different, your 3D models.s=tylY
What, it's having trouble finding the screen.
So there you go.
[ Clapping ]
>> So if you really want to have fun.
>> I think my manager thinks I'm
always playing with Quartz Composer.
[ Chuckles ]
>> So that was the demo for how to
customize Podcast, Podcast Composer.
So what you should take home from here.
Well, as with Leopard, Podcast user workflows
are still as powerful and easy to use.
But with Podcast Composer, we've made it easier than ever
for you to customize and create really beautiful podcasts.
But we haven't stopped just there.
We let you extend it and incorporate
your own content extremely easily.
And if the third party is out there,
we have tons of little hooks for you
to bring in your content and your own expertise.
Podcast Composer also ties in with all of the new
features that we've been talking about all week.
You saw that there's direct integration
with a Podcast library.
We tightened straight with a dual source, so you can
choose all your different layouts with Quartz Composer.
We tie in with iTunes U, we have the
Pro Apps Integration for the Compressor.
So it ties right in and it's really at the
center of the whole Podcast user workflows.
So for those of you who've been to our presentations
before, you know we can't just stop there.
We always like to push it a bit further and show
you how powerful Podcast user workflows are.
And we've kind of had some fun, and I guess
it's time for this year's crazy workflow.
[ Clapping ]
>> So, we know that transcription is a really
important thing for a lot of you out there.
And for those of you who were here last
year, we showed you a really early prototype
from MacSpeech that allowed you to automate everything.
But we know that a lot of you need this
transcription integration like yesterday.
So we worked on a little demo.
And I think we're going to show you how you can integrate
Podcast Producer with external services really simply.
And to do that, I'm going to bring up
Circlaeys and Sons Transcription Service.
So we've got Eric Circlaeys and his son Nader.
[ Chuckles ]
>> And what we're going to do is I'm going to
launch straight into, the one more thing demo.
So what I'm going to do here.
Oh, to do this, I'm going to give about two or three
sentences that we're going to have them transcribe.
But I need some type of topic.
And just so you guys don't think this is all
staged, you're going to have to give me a topic
that I'm going to have to invent some sentences about.
>> Beer.
[ Chuckles ]
>> How come I wasn't even expecting that one?
>> So, I'm going to log into Podcast Capture.
[ Silence ]
>> Okay. Getting sick yet?
No.
[ Silence ]
>> So beer is a very popular drink.
[ Laughter ]
>> I'm sure a lot of you really like it very much.
>> My favorite beer is Guiness.
[ Clapping ]
>> So, what I'm going to do now is I'm going to
publish this to a workflow that we have set up here.
And we're going to call this beer.
[ Silence ]
>> Do talk.
Okay. So while this is processing,
I'm going to explain what's happening.
What we've done with this workflow is the, so Podcast
Capture is uploading into the Podcast User Server.
And what is the Podcast User Server doing?
Well the first thing it's going to do is it's
going to create a low res version of the,
of the, the content that we just submitted.
What's happening then is that the low res
version is being transferred to
the SFTP to Circlaeys and Sons Transcription Service.
And they've written a little app here, that I can
show you real quick and give you a little look at,
that allows him to transcribe the content.
And he forgot his headset.
So he's going to be transcribing, so
Eric's going to be writing in French,
and he's going to be translating this straight.
And Eric, and then Nader's going
to be writing it in English.
They're going to transcribe it and they're going to
create the TextML files straight in this application.
And then, in QuickTime, something that you may not
have heard yet, is that there's a new TextML importer
that allows you to import TextML tracks as subtitles,
and the same thing goes for closed captioning tracks.
But while they're processing this, we can paralyze it.
So not only with Xgrid can we paralyze tasks
in parallel, but we can put them in parallel.
So while they're transcribing, we're
also encoding the iPod version with all
of the video editing and the Quartz Composer compositions.
And what's going to happen then is once the iPod version
is finished encoding the Xgrid is going to use one
of the new features of Xgrid in Snow Leopard,
which is what we call the retry task.
So what it's going to do is it's going to
poll the out-going folder on the SFTP Server
from the transcription service to
see if the transcription is ready.
If it's not ready, with the retry task
the job can tell the Xgrid controller
to reschedule it in a certain amount of time.
So you don't have to lock up a whole
CPU just polling the SFTP Server.
How are we looking?
So once the task has figured out that the, the
transcriptions are available, it'll just download them,
and then it'll add them into the final content.
So, let's take a look at the content.
Going to go to iTunes here.
Well, going to refresh this.
So we have back-up content in case.
And here we go.
[ Silence ]
[ Background noises ]
>> And you can see here that iTunes
has popped up the subtitle track here.
And that we have two subtitles, English and French.
So, let's see how good a job Eric.
[ Chuckles ]
>> Eric and Nader did.
Well, I think Nader needs to work on his transcription.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Inaudible ]
>> And you know transcription is great,
but you know, you can also translate it.
>> So beer is a very popular drink.
>> So here, you have the French subtitles.
>> I'm sure a lot of you really like it very much.
>> So that's how we've made it
possible for you to integrate with.
[ Laughter ]
>> Existing transcription service.
>> My favorite beer is Guiness.
>> And, this, come back to this slide.
So this is a work phone.
I think it's going to be really useful to a lot of you.
And, you know, when we started showing
this off, a lot of people really wanted it.
So we'll be talking about it at the lab on Friday.
So if you have any interest, please come and talk with us.
And we'll also be working on making it sample code.
And we'll be documenting it, so it will, make
it as easy as possible for you to integrate
with your existing transcription services.
[ Clapping ]
>> Okay. But then, that ended up
being a kind of a useful demo.
So, we've got one more last thing.
And we've got a little fun demo here and
as always the point of this is to show you
that since Podcast User Workflows rely on Xgrid, they
can do anything you can write a command line tool to do.
So we've got a little thing we've prepared for you.
And something we've noticed in education, and what we think
is kind of cool is a lot of people are using technology
to make the classroom a lot more interactive.
And there's some cool tools out there, like
Mobile AP that allow you to have web applications
to have students interact with
the lecturers, or the professors.
So they can ask questions, they can vote on polls,
they can leave comments, all sorts of things.
So we randomly selected a few of you, and I'm going to
invite you to come up right here in front of the stage.
And strangely enough, they're all
in the front row, I don't know why.
>> Don't be afraid.
>> And they all have Apple badges, huh.
I'll have to work on my random algorithms.
Hopefully next year we're going
to open this up to everybody.
But just want it to work this year.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Laughter ]
>> So, you guys are probably going to want to,
well you watch there, you can watch up there.
And you guys, don't help them yet.
We'll come back to you guys.
You can help them aft, afterwards.
And we're going to switch the demo machine.
[ Inaudible ]
>> Is everybody logged in?
Okay. So the first question, you ready?
Oh, I'm not logged in.
>> I don't have a.
>> Okay. Start off.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. So first question, going to
have to tell us where this monument is.
You guys go to the first question, and where is this?
[ Silence ]
>> [Inaudible].
>> Okay. You guys ready for question number two?
>> Yes.
>> Let's go.
Where's this monument?
Dee, do, do, do.
>> [Inaudible].
>> Timbuktu, no?
Okay. Third question.
Last one, this is a bit harder.
You guys ready?
>> [Inaudible].
[ Chuckles ]
>> There's one little detail I need to let you know.
Okay. Okay.
That was the quiz.
>> Thank you.
>> Thanks everybody.
[ Clapping ]
>> So we'll see.
So we're going to submit this to
Podcast Composer, Podcast Producer.
We're going to go over what the results are.
And we'll see how everybody did.
I think there might be a few surprises.
So, answers, let's play this back.
So what was the answer to question one?
>> [Inaudible].
[ Chuckles ]
>> Well, it was Vegas.
So how could you tell?
Well there's no buildings right next
to the, to the Eiffel Tower in France.
Didn't say it was an easy quiz.
>> Question number two.
Wow, there's some good ones.
So how did you tell it was in Paris?
>> [Inaudible].
>> Shorter.
[ Laughter ]
>> But you know it's kind of hard to tell in a picture.
The easiest way to tell is the base.
Something you might not know though is that,
so the Statute of Liberty was a present
by the French Republic to the United States.
But it's Eiffel who actually constructed and designed
structure that holds up the Statute of Liberty.
So that's why there's one in Paris.
So question number three.
This one's a bit harder.
It's Tokyo.
See there's cherry trees.
[ Chuckles ]
That wasn't Anaheim.
>> Okay, is our workflow finished?
>> Yes.
>> It is? Let's see how you guys did.
So what we did, before we start playing it back, is we're
going to use Podcast Producer and with a command line,
with all of our command line tools, we're
using Mobile AP as the web application.
So what everybody up here was doing is they were logged
into Mobile AP on their iPhones, and they had the questions,
and they had the different results, the different,
the multiple answers that they could choose from.
And they would choose them, and they would submit.
This goes into the database on the Mobile AP,
and then when the Podcast Producer Command ran it
knew what time we started and stopped the recording.
And it could interrogate the database
to find out what answers were written.
Then we then kind of used Quartz Composer
because, yes, I have always have to have fun
in Quartz Composer, to do some fun little animations.
So here's what it looks like.
>> [Inaudible].
>> Took a while to start.
So, this worked right, we should see who voted.
And you can see, what.
>> Wow.
>> People voted.
>> Wow it really [inaudible].
>> So, some people got it.
I think some people had already seen the answers.
Question number two.
So let's see how they did.
New York, got a lot of people, one
person got it right, two, ooh three.
[ Chuckles ]
>> And one last one.
This was the hardest one.
[ Silence ]
[ Chuckles ]
[ Laughter ]
>> See it took a while to figure it out.
Yeah, it's still thinking about it.
>> Oh London.
>> Okay. Cool.
So this is just to show you what you can do.
[ Clapping ]
>> So just to give you an idea.
I mean you can really do whatever
you want with Podcast Producer.
And if you want to write your custom
one workflows, you can really, I mean,
the bounds are only limited by your imagination.
If you have any questions, more information,
MarkMalone@podcastproducer@apple.com.